README.md, before:

# nebree8.com

An app with a Go/Appengine backend and Angular Material frontend.

## Dependencies / Tools

- [Go Appengine SDK](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/downloads#Google_App_Engine_SDK_for_Go)
- npm install

## Running locally

`dev_appserver.py` is part of the Go AppEngine SDK. `tsc` is the typescript compiler.

```bash
rm -rf deploy/
dev_appserver.py app.yaml
npm run tsc # Compile typescript once, or...
npm run tsc-w # Watch for changes to and automatically recompile.
# View at http://localhost:8080
```

## Deployment checklist

* Update recipes and featured list
* `make` to build the minified sources for deployment in `deploy/`
* Do a quick verification of contents of deploy with `dev_appserver.py deploy/app.yaml`
* Deploy to appengine using `gcloud app deploy --project nebree8 deploy/`
* Load http://nebree8.com and check list of excluded recipes in the Chrome console
* Configure ingredients on frontend and backend
* Run backend with `--frontend=http://nebree8.com` (not default) and `--check_ingredients` (the default) to check consistency
* In case of bugs, revert serving version at [console.cloud.google.com](https://console.cloud.google.com/appengine/versions?project=nebree8&serviceId=default)

## Backend

Implemented in /nebree8.go, provides a straightforward CRUD api rooted at /api/.
A mapping from URL to Go function is in the "init" function.

## Frontend

Implemented in /static, largely follows the layout of the Angular Seed app.

- app.html: sources CSS, JS, and has an ng-view and ng-app
- app.css: app-wide CSS (most of the styling is from Angular material, so not much here)
- app.js: configures the nebree8App app.
- random-drinks.js: pure javascript implementation of generating random drinks.
- drink-list/\*: template and controller for the list of drinks
- drink-detail/\*: template and controllers for the page showing the details of a drink.

Commit message:

Switch to gulp from the Makefile, move static=>public
This makes the dev environment consistent with deploy, which
should help avoid issues with new files being needing to be
added to the deploy script in the future.

gulp also provides a simpler, more consistent way to describe
transformation steps. This will make it easier in the future
to add more steps (e.g. compile/concat/minify CSS).

Also renamed static to public, which is a bit clearer.

README.md, after:

# nebree8.com

An app with a Go/Appengine backend and Angular Material frontend.

## Dependencies / Tools

- [Go Appengine SDK](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/downloads#Google_App_Engine_SDK_for_Go)
- npm install

## Running locally


```bash
dev_appserver.py app.yaml
npm run build  # Build/minify typescript, css, copy html to public/ once.
npm run watch # Watch for changes and automatically rebuild
# View at http://localhost:8080
```
`dev_appserver.py` is part of the Go AppEngine SDK.

## Deployment checklist

* Update recipes and featured list
* Do a quick manual test using `dev_appserver.py`
* Deploy to appengine using `gcloud app deploy --project nebree8 app.yaml`
* Load http://nebree8.com and check list of excluded recipes in the Chrome console
* Configure ingredients on frontend and backend
* Run backend with `--frontend=http://nebree8.com` (not default) and `--check_ingredients` (the default) to check consistency
* In case of bugs, revert serving version at [console.cloud.google.com](https://console.cloud.google.com/appengine/versions?project=nebree8&serviceId=default)

## Backend

Implemented in /nebree8.go, provides a straightforward CRUD api rooted at /api/.
A mapping from URL to Go function is in the "init" function.

## Frontend

Implemented in /ng-app, largely follows the layout of the Angular Seed app.

- public/app.html: sources CSS, JS, and has an ng-view and ng-app
- public/admin.htm: alternate app for admin
- ng-app/app.css: app-wide CSS (most of the styling is from Angular material, so not much here)
- ng-app/app.ts: configures the nebree8App app.
- ng-app/*: each directory is a component. See .ts for more information.

Files in ng-app are transformed and copied to public/ by gulp. Run gulp once
using `npm run build`, or to watch and incrementally build use `npm run watch`.
